Santa said I've been Auggie not there's
no stopping me now I'm gonna make it
happen I'm dick booze and it's holiday
season so we're making french toast with
eggnog today I'll be drinking quick
I know so first we're going to crack two
eggs and then scramble it up 12 shots of
Christmas cheers and now we're going to
mix the eggs be eggnog and our arrest of
our future home and we're using this
dish because it's flat and it'll be easy
to dip the bread into the eggnog
one teaspoon of cinnamon and nutmeg mix
another teaspoon of vanilla
and now we're going to cut the bread now
this is challah bread you could use
something over the one extreme like
Texas toast but I'm a holly nice calmly
if you hear me so now what we're going
to do now is we're going to heat our
heat up our pan let me get a little hot
medium heat once it seems like it's that
melted temperature lab a little bit of
butter on there the butter is really key
to unlocking the flavors of this french
toast and put it on there may be a
little high we're going to dip it like
that
Oh
finished product eggnog french toast why
don't we try some it looks delicious
covered in syrup some dyflin